Add messages for unparsable code caused by non-ASCII characters (#642)
rstudio/learnr: NEWS.md

-   Users are now warned if their submission contains blanks they are expected to fill in. The default blank pattern is three or more underscores, e.g. `____`. The pattern for blanks can be set with the `exercise.blanks` chunk or tutorial option (@rossellhayes #547).

> -   Users are now warned if their submission contains unparsable code caused by non-ASCII characters. This can commonly occur when students copy-and-paste code from a source that applies automatic Unicode formatting to text. If the submission contains Unicode formatted quotation marks (e.g. curly quotes) or dashes, the student is given a suggested replacement with ASCII characters. In other cases, the  student is simply prompted to delete the non-ASCII characters and retype them manually. No message is displayed if non-ASCII characters are included in parsable code (e.g. in characters strings or valid variable names) (@rossellhayes #642).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Users who submit unparsable code containing non-ASCII characters are now presented with more informative feedback. Non-ASCII characters are a common source of code problems and often appear in code when students copy and paste text from a source that applies automatic Unicode formatting. If the submission contains Unicode-formatted quotation marks (e.g. curly quotes) or dashes, the student is given a suggested replacement with ASCII characters. In other cases, the student is simply prompted to delete the non-ASCII characters and retype them manually (@rossellhayes #642).
```

I think it's good that we test that non-ASCII characters in parsable code _doesn't_ throw an error, but we don't need to mention it here, since we're covered by the guard condition (in the text and in the code) that we only apply this check to _unparsable_ code.
